Extend lesson4 (#4)
ReDI-School/js-berlin-2020-fall: lesson4.md

}
```

* First, JavaScript checks whether day is equal to `'Saturday'`. If that is the case, it writes `'Do all the shopping'` to console and _skips_ all the `else if` and `else` branches.

> * The first condition in the `if..else-if...else` that is `true` will be executed, all other code blocks will be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The block in the `if..else-if...else` compound whose condition evaluates to true **first** will be executed, all other code blocks that come after it will be skipped.
```

> * The code for the first condition in the `if..else-if...else` that is `true` is executed, all other code blocks are skipped.

Reviewer: Only one code block will be executed in the `if..else if..else`. To determine which block, JavaScript will evaluate the conditions from top to bottom. The first condition that evaluates to true determines the block to be executed. All the other code blocks are ignored.

Author: Perfect, thanks 👍

}
```

---

### Let's code!

> Abdullah invented a game where the player with the highest value of his height (in cm) plus five times his age wins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Abdullah invented a game where the player with the highest score wins the game. Score of a player is calculated by adding player's  height (in cm) and five times his/her age together. Example: `170 + 5 * 34` 
```

1. Create variables for the heights and ages for you and a person next to you

> 1. Calculate the score

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Calculate the scores for you and your neighbor
```
